meal
this is the reason for us
preparation exactly the same as before in
my game
that means it's going on preliminary work
it we look about times where are
the strengths of the opponent how can we
hold against it and where is there for us
Opportunities in the offensive game too
to become dangerous yourself and that
logically a piece against bavaria
that is far more difficult for one
or other club
that is clear but the work in
this week was exactly the same and also
We'll be in with these ideas
the player enter
there are always offensive at bayern
strengthen more than the one or
other club that is clear, it is not one
Surprise that you know his side
that the passing game pass quality extremely
high is that is called Fehlpassquote and
this is to come to possibilities
relatively low as well as lower than
Of course, others are also possible
play on the center with as well
always the tip plays in the front
someone the belle then lays down
playing on the outside you need
not discuss any case that the
players who come from outside enormous
Quality in the 11th with all groups is
Of course , a player doing the in
a special team yet
stand out
So there is enough for us to do
even with the knowledge that you can too
our defensive game so far in order
is not everything to defend
that will be yes